No, I can't do it myself. Oh, so you're playing hard to get now
Get into your turdiness. Don't do this. I don't feel well
It's your closer stage. So you know what that means? You're gonna have to clean. You know what? I'm clean
How can you stop me? Please don't. I feel awful. I don't want to do it. I'm pretending because I know that your mother is talking a lot about sex, hasn't she?
Don't do this
Miss are you all right? I'm fine
Everything's fine.
Boss, the new drug is ready. You need to bring in Samantha for testing
Okay, yeah, I will bring her in shortly.
She's a tough girl. Keep going.
The moment you made me spare Cara, you should have known the pain that you were going to have to endure
Richard, why do I feel like I'm about to die?
Hey, why is she getting pale? What's going on?
The new medication may have some substantial side effects, but
Samantha's vitals are strong. We can continue if needed
Boss, this is for your mom. She can handle it. Stop. We'll continue next time
Miss Samantha
Even your current condition
You have the right to terminate the contract and stop the drug trials
My illness is beyond saving anyway. I will make the most time. I hope you don't regret it
Samantha, you'll wait. I thought you'd never wake up. You know, when you were knocked out
The boss just insisted that you keep going with the injection
No matter what happens, and I
Honestly, I was concerned about your well-being
Yeah, don't be mad. At least I was here to take care of you while you were passed out. I said get out
Can I ask you what's going on? Why are you throwing cups?
Richard, I was wrong to fall in love with you
Just woke up. All right, you're still frail
Where do you think you're gonna go in this state?
Korea has severed ties with you. Do you have anywhere else that you can go?
I can go to Ethan's house for now. Ethan's you can go to Ethan's because there's just so many men that are chasing you
None of my concerns matter. That is the problem between us. Do you understand?
And you know what? You know what? No, you're not gonna go to Ethan's. You're gonna go to my house and he was gonna take you there
David, David's gonna take you there. Got it?
Let me go pack some clothes first. Fine. Pack some clothes
I can't believe this bitch is now a step closer to the boss because of the mess that she caused
You still have the nerve to show your face around here
You went through my things. How else was I supposed to know you've been secretly testing drugs for how
I'm going behind my back. I
Wouldn't have put myself through any of this if it wasn't to make amends for your wrongdoings
Pack your bags and get the hell out of this house
So make that kick you out. I already said I'd got a richer toast
No, no, you can't go there. Okay. Come on with me here this
These two go together
Okay
This Samantha was picked up by Ethan. She actually went to see Ethan
Yes, I I heard actually had she pumped acted Ethan to pick her up
So her going home to back was
Just an excuse
Peace. I'm gonna go get to the bottom of this
Samantha you bitch. I didn't realize that you hold such an important place in Richard's heart
Seems I underestimated you
Thanks, you
Samantha, you know how I feel about you. I don't want to think about this stuff, right?
So you and Richard had a
bastard
I mean, uh, why don't you guys legally family? No
Ethan, I don't want to talk about this stuff. I will I will always be by your side, okay?
Please don't be upset
Don't you put a fucking finger on her
Let's go
Which is like old Samantha
This is none of your fucking business. Ethan, you okay?
And how dare you define me? Are you really fucking enjoying yourself? Just making some motherfucker obsessed with you
Let me remind you something
You're just a maid's daughter
Okay
You don't deserve
Men to be fawning over you. Don't insult her. You're coming with me mom wakes up. Don't go
Put a finger on her
You claimed to be as your woman in front of Ethan
He is my friend and I don't want him fantasizing over you. I mean after all you do have a great talent for seducing men
I don't want you seeing Ethan anymore. It's not what it looks like. There's nothing going on between us. They're better not be. Oh my god
It's a ring though
Richard you're the one that I love
It's always been you
Richard's birthday is almost here
Happy birthday
What are you doing? Are you really trying to provoke me like bringing this up today?
When you're young you don't always have to pick you a cake, but I wanted to make you happy
Forgot my mother was turning into a vegetable and you're gonna fucking celebrate that
No, no, it's not like that your health condition is a drug trial
Participant will affect the trial results. So please try not to get sick. Okay. Keep that in mind
So I'm sorry
I didn't mean to do that to you. It's my fault. You're cold. You have a fever. Hey
You're what? Hold on
Is it anything? Don't say that. Hey, are you thinking about another man? Well, you're with me. Hey
Open your eyes. Look who's in front of you, huh?
Yeah, Richard. You're in my bed. Don't speak about another man
I'm sorry. I didn't mean to upset you. Yeah
I don't have much time left. I'll do anything for you
Just this is not working but
Let me go get you some medicine. Look at it. Hey, open your mouth. Take this take this
It's too bitter
No piece of candy. I don't have a piece of candy. Take the medicine. It's too bitter
Okay, are you gonna take the medicine or not? Because I can't help you if you're not gonna listen to me. All right. Just this one's okay
Don't you put a fucking finger on her
Let's go
Richard, have you ever truly loved me? Are you trying to seduce me right now?
Just let me be reckless this once
You asked for this
Mr. Richard never brings women home to make such a racket the first time
So you finally got your way? No, you're pretty good, but
quite satisfying
Actually, I assume you're a slutty mother. You owe your skills
You know from now on I think you can. Good morning
I
Have some company documents that urgently need you review. Thank you watch that door
What a slutty seducer. Huh? I didn't think you had it in you all good
No way back. Thank you
Are you still lusting for sex even though you're dying?
I bet that took a lot of effort for you to seduce Richard there
And you know, I could just go get you tin hot jigalos to scratch that edge of your
Don't take it too far Ada
Miss Samantha here was just telling me how she has finally captured you and that she cannot wait for your mom to die
Because then she won't have to be a human guinea pig anymore
And I told her not to go so far and then she slapped me. That is not true Ada was the one who
Richard believe me. I did not do that
You know, I think I've been a little bit too lenient on you
Well, she is one to faint innocence and act like a victim to manipulate people
Who do you think you're saying shut up to it's made the we've only slept together like a few times
Don't get any ideas. Okay, you're just a lowly
He made his daughter
Don't forget that now. I'm gonna want you to mop every single floor in this house today
You got me. Let's finish that conversation, shall we?
Samantha we need to talk about your condition
Has my illness worsened? No
You're pregnant. Are you sure that I'm pregnant will be in pregnant affect the drug trial in any way?
Theoretically it shouldn't affect the trials
But it will be harmful for you and with long-term drug trials the fetus may form of normalities
Please you cannot tell Richard
Okay, I'm already dying of lung cancer. I just I want to spend some time with my child
Misera Samantha's pregnant
What that bitch is pregnant?
Already so feeble collapse just from hopping the floors
Hey
You don't truly love Samantha. Okay, you're using her if you truly don't care for her you let it be with me
I never really remember her saying that she wanted to be with you
No
Don't smith smith that you were it
Samantha Coleman you can't bring yourself to tell him then I will
Everything that I've done for Richard. I did because I wanted to
What are you hiding from me?
Because you're not gonna be able to get away with it. You know I'll find out. Can you marry me? Don't be ridiculous
Don't think that you can just
Say whatever now because you're ill
Just let me do as I please as I love you Richard
Hello, I have headline news here
so boss
You made the front page headline
What is this?
Word is spreading that you and Samantha will be married soon
Mary we're gonna be married David. I want you to find out who released this to you got it. Yes, sorry
We'll figure the press have no other clues
All I know it's from a female source
The one benefiting most from this would be Samantha. I mean she would be exposing herself
Can you marry me Samantha? Are you trying to force me into marriage?
Do you think she orchestrated this herself?
So Samantha wants our relationship to the public spotlight
Okay
We're going to indulge her. I want you to invite Samantha to attend the Gala
With me
Thank you. No need for formalities miss. I'll park the car. Boss is waiting for you upstairs
Hey, Judy. I want you. What's surprised the one night?
Name it name and I'll pay any say that's a price
Come on. I know you want to I know you come on. Come on. We have a good time. Come over here. Go over here
You know, I think you should sober up a little bit
Where did you've gone too far? I'm your business partner
What are you really willing to risk our partnership over some worthless woman?
You think I want a partner with you? I don't and as for anybody else if anybody wants to partner with him
You could be my enemy as well got it
Richard, Richard. I'm sorry. Listen listen. I spoke to her Ashley. I made a mistake
Do you know who the fuck she is?
Because she's the maid's daughter and her mother is the one that's to do is my father Gavin
So as for her
She's just a cheap woman as well
And for you to fancy somebody like that makes me doubt my judgment and I do not want to be in business with somebody like that
Yes, sir
So you're sad now
Because I'm pretty sure that you're the one that wanted our relationship into the public spotlight, right?
So pretty much I'm just abiding by you
No, you've got it wrong. I didn't leak those photos. You know you didn't leak those photos and I know it was you
What?
Let's go
At least you stood up for me against that vile man
Don't you?
Mr. Richard photos with online show you with the maid star at a hotel a rumor's true
Are you an official cople inside sources say this maid's mother is already married to your father?
It seems she'll sue Mary you too
For Richard to lose control like this. He's never had a scandal. This woman was be no ordinary one
You must really like this woman. I bet they're gonna announce our engagement soon. I'd add it
She's probably just great in bed
Is there a date for the wedding oh so this is your scheme Samantha trying to force me into marriage through public pressure I
paid the press of fortune for this to ruin your reputation
Listen
It's very typical for
Adults to have sexual desires and needs okay
I don't think we should really care about some cheap war who really doesn't mean anything. Yes, I am sleeping with her
But no I don't I don't love her. All right, and she has absolutely no impact in my life. Thank you very much
Richard
Business updates, okay. Wait. Wait. Wait. This is Richard Richard. It's the Richard
You know seeing how hard you've been trying to get me. I think from now on you'll be my fuck buddy
And since we're living together well, no you're living with me. You're gonna start sleeping in my bed
Are you satisfied now?
Okay, are you satisfied
What do you take me for I continue to act despicable Samantha you only deserved we treat it like a whore
We can't do this now. Just stop isn't this what you want and stop pretending because everything you're saying it's fucking with me
You understand no
Sorry little your dad misunderstood me. He didn't mean it Samantha
This medication is commonly used for a conception implantation and fetus
preservation